## [Hydcon Conference](http://ieeehydcon.org/)

<p align="justify"> IEEEHYDCON-2020 (IEEE Conference# 48903) is the biennial signature conference of IEEE Hyderabad Section, scheduled during 11-12 September 2020. As a conference, it shall be offering insightful plenary talks and keynote addresses, tutorials, and workshops by leaders in academic research and industrial practice and by domain experts. The frontiers of research will be presented through technical paper presentations. All participants would enjoy exploring the exhibits and booths set up by industries and agencies.  </p>

<p align="justify"> Hydcon is conceptualized to offer a platform for Research Collaboration, Networking and Presentation of Research outcomes in front of peers in the field of computer science and engineering, Electrical Engineering, Electronics and Communication Engineering in general and other evolving engineering fields like CI, ML, IOT, etc. With the motive to share the innovations in Science and technology which is showing its inclination towards global conservation and sustainable technologies. This conference will bring the researchers, academicians and the Industries from various technical domains such as computer science, Electrical engineering, life sciences, electronics and communication engineering, biomedical engineering and Technology management to promote high quality and novel research findings. Hydcon is aimed to create forums and communities to exchange new ideas and practicing experiences among researchers and practitioners working in a wide variety of scientific areas with a common interest of global concern and Advancing technology for Humanity. It is expected that Year after Year it will go around the technical chapters of Hyderabad Section and travel to Cities around the Hyderabad Section geography. All IEEE Student Branches, Colleges and Universities, Research organizations, Industries, and interested parties are most welcome to participate and contribute towards HydCon and taking it to new heights </p>